1.
a) A course has an aggregation relation to a student
b) A classroom has no explicit relation to a professor or student. A classroom does have an association with a course, and a course has an aggregation relation with both professors and students
c) Well, no explicitly mentioned model elements qualified for inheritence, but both professors and students have a name, and so it was sensible to invent a Person superclass for them both.

2. It's better representated by a activity diagram over a sequence diagram, because an activity diagram has a way of representing exceptions. A sequence diagram shows object interactions arranged in a time sequence, while activity diagrams represent workflows of stepwise activities, with support for choice, iteration, and concurrency.
3.
Use Case: Do Homework
Primary Actor: Student
Secondary Actor(s): TA, Roommate
Brief:
    The student reads the list of problems given by the professor, and attempts to produce satisfactory work.

Postconditions
    Minimal Guarentees:
    Success Guarentees:
        The assginment is turned in to the TA
        A grade of 70 or above is given for the assignment

Preconditions:
    The student goes to class and the assignment is present to the student

Basic flow:
    1. The TA hands out the assignment to the student.
    2. The roommate stops practicing trumpet long enough for the student to have a moment's thought.
    3. The student produces the assignment from their backpack.
    4. The student reads and comprehends homework assignment.
    5. The student tackles problems one at a time until the assigment is complete.
    6. The student returns the completed assignment to their backpack.
    7. The student produces the assignment at the next course meeting.
    8. The student turns in the assignment to the TA
    9. The TA grades the assignment

Exceptions:
    Somehow, between steps 6 and 7 in the basic flow, the assignment is lost to entropy. The student begs and pleads with the TA with large eyes and a sober voice until and extension is granted.

